but I think we need to change our shoes
this way can you push the elevator
button what about the boys yeah
look every outfit for Elmo
I know
hey Elmo
yeah
hi
we push it
somebody's gonna sleep good tonight
Wow
we're gonna color
did you have fun Elena after here siren
Elena got a little Elmo doll she had so
much fun oh man you guys so well my lord
sheets are like acting ups for bad I
don't know if it's sitting in the valley
or what but but it's knees like a
hundred times
Jeff Lynn yeah
but my parents are taking Becky back
she's gonna spend the night with them
and then me and traps are just gonna
spend one more night here and just kind
of walk around and you know have a bit
dull weekend but hey this is the only
thing hate about spring is my allergies
remember that one time at whose wedding
with it
but it was that outdoor wedding and I
sneezed and feed some decent sneeze the
whole entire time and my eyes were
watering member and Robbie's dad was
there and he was like what the heck
don't seem so bad but semion Travis were
absolutely starving and something salty
sounded so good so we got some sushi
seaweed salad and this is actually
pretty good sushi for like policies came
up and I was both got stuff we should do
a halt honey
but dreaming it mocha chocolata now
payment to you shadow so hot right now
if you do an outfit for those we'll take
some pictures of my outfit
to our media festival
good yep so we're going to the
interrupts are going to go to this store
called art media and we go here will be
useful here all the time when I lived
here it's just a really awesome art
store I was like everything
oh yeah and crazy fact so this place is
full of bricks with people's names on
them and when I was little my mom and
dad bought me and Cameron a brick and
put our name on the brick but we've
never been able to find it ever we have
no idea where it is crazy huh it's
actually supposed to be up there in that
corner but we still can't find ever so
we are waterfront we always come down
here when it's McDowell Portland so does
everybody else apparently do but it's
really nice so yeah and there's no what
it is looks like secretive me or
something could be do you want to write
a ferris wheel we're gonna make out no
two years ago we came to the Rose
Festival and they wouldn't let me go on
the nursery
so we are at Rock Bottom Brewery and
we're going to have some chips and
guacamole
I know it's from right now it's fun
looking - everyone's dressed as a mob
just as a change since high school
why what are you referring to
well that's what I mean you feel really
grown up like you just have everything
figured out
I was 32 yeah
words from the wife